docs(metrics): document InvokeStore isolation and local testing (#5486)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-typescript: docs/features/metrics.md

## Testing your code

### Lambda environment vs local

In AWS Lambda, Metrics writes [Embedded Metric Format (EMF)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch_Embedded_Metric_Format.html) blobs to standard output. The Lambda runtime/CloudWatch agent picks those log lines up — you do not call CloudWatch `PutMetricData` yourself.

When Lambda multi-concurrency is enabled (`AWS_LAMBDA_MAX_CONCURRENCY` is set), Metrics (and related buffered state such as dimensions/metadata) automatically uses [`@aws/lambda-invoke-store`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws/lambda-invoke-store) for **per-invocation isolation**. No application code changes are required; Powertools selects the store at runtime.

> Outside that Lambda multi-concurrency context — including typical local runs and unit tests — Metrics uses an in-memory fallback store instead. Buffered metrics are still flushed as EMF to stdout when you flush (middleware/decorator/`logMetrics`), so local behavior for asserting emitted metrics remains the same.

Reviewer: It's not just local runs and unit tests, it's the default behaviour in a standard lambda function too.

> Outside that Lambda multi-concurrency context Metrics uses an in-memory store by default. That applies to standard Lambda functions, local runs and unit tests. Buffered metrics are still flushed as EMF to stdout when you flush (middleware/decorator/`logMetrics`), so asserting emitted metrics locally works the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside that Lambda multi-concurrency context Metrics uses an in-memory store by default. This applies to Lambda on-demand functions, local runs, and unit tests. Buffered metrics are still flushed as EMF to stdout when you flush (middleware/decorator/`logMetrics`), so asserting emitted metrics locally works the same way.
```
